com/rvapp/apiconsumer/exceptions/NotOkHttpStatusException.java
 com.rvapp.apiconsumer.exceptions.NotOkHttpStatusException
com/rvapp/apiconsumer/services/GenericService.java
 com.rvapp.apiconsumer.services.GenericService
com/rvapp/apiconsumer/services/util/GenericParser.java
 com.rvapp.apiconsumer.services.util.GenericParser
com/rvapp/apiconsumer/services/TeacherService.java
 com.rvapp.apiconsumer.services.TeacherService
com/rvapp/apiconsumer/resources/StudentResource.java
 com.rvapp.apiconsumer.resources.StudentResource
com/rvapp/apiconsumer/services/util/ObjectMapperProvider.java
 com.rvapp.apiconsumer.services.util.ObjectMapperProvider
com/rvapp/apiconsumer/database/DBConnector.java
 com.rvapp.apiconsumer.database.DBConnector
com/rvapp/apiconsumer/domain/Course.java
 com.rvapp.apiconsumer.domain.Course
com/rvapp/apiconsumer/repositories/StudentRepository.java
 com.rvapp.apiconsumer.repositories.StudentRepository
com/rvapp/apiconsumer/services/CourseService.java
 com.rvapp.apiconsumer.services.CourseService
com/rvapp/apiconsumer/repositories/CourseRepository.java
 com.rvapp.apiconsumer.repositories.CourseRepository
com/rvapp/apiconsumer/services/util/ClassGroupParser.java
 com.rvapp.apiconsumer.services.util.ClassGroupParser
com/rvapp/apiconsumer/resources/CourseResource.java
 com.rvapp.apiconsumer.resources.CourseResource
com/rvapp/apiconsumer/domain/Student.java
 com.rvapp.apiconsumer.domain.Student
com/rvapp/apiconsumer/resources/util/ClientProvider.java
 com.rvapp.apiconsumer.resources.util.ClientProvider
com/rvapp/apiconsumer/services/ClassGroupService.java
 com.rvapp.apiconsumer.services.ClassGroupService
com/rvapp/apiconsumer/services/StudentService.java
 com.rvapp.apiconsumer.services.StudentService
com/rvapp/apiconsumer/domain/ClassGroup.java
 com.rvapp.apiconsumer.domain.ClassGroup
com/rvapp/apiconsumer/resources/ClassGroupResource.java
 com.rvapp.apiconsumer.resources.ClassGroupResource
com/rvapp/apiconsumer/resources/util/AuthenticationResource.java
 com.rvapp.apiconsumer.resources.util.AuthenticationResource
com/rvapp/apiconsumer/services/util/TeacherParser.java
 com.rvapp.apiconsumer.services.util.TeacherParser
 com.rvapp.apiconsumer.services.util.TeacherParser$1
 com.rvapp.apiconsumer.services.util.TeacherParser$2
com/rvapp/apiconsumer/services/util/CourseParser.java
 com.rvapp.apiconsumer.services.util.CourseParser
com/rvapp/apiconsumer/services/util/StudentParser.java
 com.rvapp.apiconsumer.services.util.StudentParser
 com.rvapp.apiconsumer.services.util.StudentParser$1
 com.rvapp.apiconsumer.services.util.StudentParser$2
com/rvapp/apiconsumer/repositories/ClassGroupRepository.java
 com.rvapp.apiconsumer.repositories.ClassGroupRepository
com/rvapp/apiconsumer/resources/GenericResource.java
 com.rvapp.apiconsumer.resources.GenericResource
com/rvapp/apiconsumer/database/DBAdministrator.java
 com.rvapp.apiconsumer.database.DBAdministrator
com/rvapp/apiconsumer/repositories/GenericRepository.java
 com.rvapp.apiconsumer.repositories.GenericRepository
com/rvapp/apiconsumer/application.java
 com.rvapp.apiconsumer.application
com/rvapp/apiconsumer/repositories/TeacherRepository.java
 com.rvapp.apiconsumer.repositories.TeacherRepository
com/rvapp/apiconsumer/resources/TeacherResource.java
 com.rvapp.apiconsumer.resources.TeacherResource
com/rvapp/apiconsumer/domain/Teacher.java
 com.rvapp.apiconsumer.domain.Teacher
